hello guys welcome to my channel and
today I wanted to get a little personal
I wanted to tell you top 10 facts about
me because basically you watch me
talking about joyful and talking about
studying abroad and today I'm going to
talk just about me so I hope you will
enjoy this video and I'm actually noun
seing the topic for the next video the
topic for the next video will be
answering your questions so if you have
any questions for me it can be anything
regarding joyfull regarding my knowledge
of English regarding my life lifestyle
anything just ask them in comments and
the next video will be about answering
the most interesting questions that
you've asked so let's go back number 1 I
think this is something that really
defines me and the first the first thing
about me is that I've never ever worked
like seriously works for anybody when I
was 21 I started my own company which is
study abroad basically what I do now and
before that I have worked for a couple
of weeks in a shop I didn't really like
it and I was like 19 when I started and
then I joined another company for my
internship and that was just for 2
months and that was it so I never ever
truly worked for anyone I've never been
like in this 9 to 6 mode and I quite
enjoyed on the one hand and it gives me
freedom so I can work anytime on the
other hand I can never have a proper
vacation because I feel really jealous
like you know working on the weekend
because I know that my company is still
functioning and you know clients are
using it and I really feel jealous of
having holidays I think this is back
number two that I hate weekend's I
really I don't know what to do during
weekends and I think that's why we
introduce Saturday as a working day in
my company because you know I can spend
one day not working but then if I spend
the second day not working I start you
know thinking what I could do to you in
that day like make another video for you
guys or add something to our business to
linguae trip comb-like right
separate article or so it really makes
me feel jealous so this is stack number
two I hate weekend's which is really
weird right bag number three my foreign
passport my previous foreign passport
only had one free page so it had 25
pages I guess and all of them were
stamped with visas or entry stamps so
you can say that I love traveling and I
enjoy traveling a lot in a travel for
work and I combined traveling working
for pleasure so and this this password I
had it since I was 21 so 21 to 26 five
years I've traveled like crazy now I
have a new passport which has 50 pages
and I hope it has the same destiny as
the previous one one and ends up having
just one free page when it expires so
thumbs up for my second Passport
fact number four I feel stupid talking
about makeup you know so many bloggers
they make this videos about makeup they
use and sometimes when I'm periscoping I
get questions like Oh Marino what
foundation do you use or well lipstick
to use and I'm okay answering those
questions but it feels so stupid like
seriously talking about makeup it
doesn't make any sense really does it
bring you any knowledge that is kind of
secret you can go to the same makeup
store and get those products this is
yeah you know I'm not an expert I don't
know what what's inside those products I
cannot say like there's no magic
cosmetics everything works pretty much
the same it's just whether this company
or another company suits you best so
yeah I feel really stupid talking about
makeup fact number five I have started
learning English when I was four so my
parents took me to kind of school for
children and learned how to sing in
English and how to speak and when I was
seven and I went to school like proper
school we had a first English class and
the teacher asked us what do you think
you're going to learn during our classes
and I was like I'm not going to learn
anything because I know everything I
know every single word in English and
the fact was I only knew like ten words
of 20 words all the words that we
learned in that prep school so that was
really funny but
that gave me a very good basic English
which I could later develop into proper
advanced level which I have now so this
is an advice for you guys if you're
still thinking whether I should start
learning English started right now the
earlier you start the better and my
teacher when I was four my teacher was I
think she was really bad at English but
because he was still better than me it
was amazing and it led me to an amazing
progress and I will actually include a
footage of me
singing in English when I was four or
five so here he comes
bag number six
I hate been in one place for more than
two or three months I feel that I'm
missing something I feel that I'm stuck
somewhere and this is what I am this is
what I've been for the way at the last
ten years when I started traveling and
sometimes it feels really weird because
people they kind of settle down and they
choose a place for them to leave and I
just end up hopping from one place to
another and when I'm in one place for
like two months all I do is you know
dream about the next destination
I can go to I think this is a good thing
because of the situation I'm in right
now because my job is connected with
traveling so I really like traveling
visiting our partners maybe later I
would be uncomfortable with it but right
now I feel really happy that I like to
travel and I can travel every two or
three months and change my location bike
number seven runs in fact I was awarded
an award for talented youth in Russian
Federation by our president and there is
this weird encyclopedia for talented
children and I'm included into it and
it didn't really make sense when I was
back at school when they gave me this
encyclopedia and I received a
scholarship from Fresno I was like wow
okay but then like right now I realized
this is something really important and
I'm glad I've achieved it when I was 16
this is when I go this awards so I'm
kind of officially talented officially
very talented child in Russian
Federation fact number eight if you
watch my videos you probably know it I
dreamed of studying abroad and apply to
American universities I got accepted to
five of them two of them got me full
financial aid and they were welcoming me
and saying hey Marina please come and
study with us but you know what I didn't
know this might sound a little funny but
during the same month it was April 2015
I got an offer a letter from a top VC in
the Silicon Valley to invest in my
company and to join their accelerator so
the choice was pretty obvious for me and
I decided not to pursue my MBA degree
abroad but you know I'm still dreaming
of it and maybe in a couple of years
you'll see a video of me studying in
some American university but for now I'm
concentrating on running my company
track number nine pretty weird but I
just discovered that this is not common
for everyone I see time and this means
what I'm talking about
a month so say I'm talking about March I
imagine a circle and March is somewhere
here and I'm just during the year I see
my small figure moving around and every
month has a separate color like March is
blue I don't know why and you know I'm
kind of this visual person who also sees
time I just realized that only four
percent of people do that and it really
helps you memorize things that are
connected to a certain period of time in
your life for example I can remember the
dress I wore
for my sixth birthday or what my mother
wore or what songs I sang so something
those small details
it helps me memorize so this fact that I
see time it helps me memorize details
yeah this is kind of weird and I
discovered a month ago that not everyone
is like that and I read an article by
some professor and I'm glad I found it
because it explained everything and fact
number ten I really like freedom and it
can be in a broad sense like I like
traveling I don't like to be stuck in
one place I like to work for myself I
hate when people manage me or tell me
what to do and it can be a really small
thing like when I come to the doctor and
he tells me not to move I would normally
faint because I can't stand when people
tell me to issue a stop moving and I had
this LASIK operation on my eyes and you
know you couldn't move because they have
something in your eye and you have to
lay down but I was moving like crazy so
they had other doctors actually hold me
because the doctor couldn't perform the
operation and absolutely operation I
fainted straight away yeah this is a
funny random fact well not really funny
but this is Who I am
I really enjoyed talking to you about
those facts and I hope you enjoyed
watching the video and if you have any
questions for me please write them down
and we'll talk about them in the next
video thank you for watching and
subscribe to my instagram which is lima
marina see you soon bye bye